The classes are defined in the following .cs files:

Player.cs
Spaceship.cs
Bullet.cs
Enemy.cs
Planet.cs
Trap.cs
Element.cs

Classes of the game:

Player
Fields:
score (int): stores the current score of the player.
spaceship (Spaceship): stores the player's spaceship object.
Methods:
MoveSpaceship(): moves the player's spaceship according to the keyboard input.
Shoot(): allows the player's spaceship to shoot at enemies.
CollectElement(): adds points to the player's score when an element is collected.


Spaceship
Fields:
position (Vector2): stores the current position of the spaceship.
speed (float): stores the speed of the spaceship.
health (int): stores the current health of the spaceship.
damage (int): stores the damage dealt by the spaceship.
sprite (Sprite): stores the sprite of the spaceship.
Methods:
Move(): moves the spaceship according to its current speed and direction.
TakeDamage(): reduces the health of the spaceship by a certain amount.
Shoot(): creates a bullet object and fires it in the direction of the spaceship's facing.


Bullet
Fields:
position (Vector2): stores the current position of the bullet.
speed (float): stores the speed of the bullet.
damage (int): stores the damage dealt by the bullet.
sprite (Sprite): stores the sprite of the bullet.
Methods:
Move(): moves the bullet according to its current speed and direction.


Enemy
Fields:
position (Vector2): stores the current position of the enemy.
speed (float): stores the speed of the enemy.
health (int): stores the current health of the enemy.
damage (int): stores the damage dealt by the enemy.
sprite (Sprite): stores the sprite of the enemy.
Methods:
Move(): moves the enemy according to its current speed and direction.
TakeDamage(): reduces the health of the enemy by a certain amount.


Planet
Fields:
position (Vector2): stores the current position of the planet.
sprite (Sprite): stores the sprite of the planet.
traps (List<Trap>): stores a list of traps on the planet.
specialElement (Element): stores the special element on the planet.
Methods:
GenerateTraps(): generates a list of traps on the planet.
GenerateSpecialElement(): generates a special element on the planet."
    
    
Trap
Fields:
position (Vector2): stores the current position of the trap.
sprite (Sprite): stores the sprite of the trap.
damage (int): stores the damage dealt by the trap.
Methods:
ApplyDamage(): deals damage to the player's spaceship if it collides with the trap.
    
    
Element
Fields:
position (Vector2): stores the current position of the element.
sprite (Sprite): stores the sprite of the element.
Methods:
Collect(): adds points to the player's score when the element is collected.
    


